Bring over all samsp yarp reorg commits (#34735)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/yarp/authn-authz.md

### Client Certificates

> Client certificates are a TLS feature and are negotiated as part of a connection. See [these docs](/aspnet/core/security/authentication/certauth) for additional information. The certificate can be forwarded to the destination server as an HTTP header using the [ClientCert](xref:fundamentals/servers/yarp/transforms#clientcert) transform.

Author: ```suggestion
Client certificates are a TLS feature and are negotiated as part of a connection. See [these docs](/aspnet/core/security/authentication/certauth) for additional information. The certificate can be forwarded to the destination server as an HTTP header using the [ClientCert](transforms.md#clientcert) transform.
```

### Swapping authentication types

Authentication types like Windows that don't flow naturally to the destination server will need to be converted in the proxy to an alternate form. For example a JWT bearer token can be created with the user information and set on the proxy request.

> These swaps can be performed using [custom request transforms](xref:fundamentals/servers/yarp/transforms#from-code). Detailed examples can be developed for specific scenarios if there is enough community interest. We need more community feedback on how you want to convert and flow identity information.

Author: ```suggestion
These swaps can be performed using [custom request transforms](transforms.md#from-code). Detailed examples can be developed for specific scenarios if there is enough community interest. We need more community feedback on how you want to convert and flow identity information.
```
